Football is my passion
a thing that I save really easy
she does not like to do and thus one
Almost my whole life
accompanied
I'm really very, very, very, very
experienced a lot and many adventures easy
can football and I'm really that yes
Sport in itself then through
the football by that it also mine
has become professional could travel a lot
and had really experienced much have
the world so hard my day nothing to
I am generally in sport and
urge to move ki and something's out there
always improve so anyone of
just a lot of training many
repetitions needs to be well and
also to feel safe and on the weekend
to go play and then to know me
really have the week right again
Everything is done on all things
work is all there, and then put
me in the gate and have the consciousness
that everything in it fits everything like that
these
Without training I believe I have too
a lot of excess energy and walls
have not quite so balanced I
I'm really very fond of someone
an error from the network
I met yours in the
youth at that time before bavaria
there was my first goalkeeper trainer and
if you already understood well and still
so in contact so right
then we are really thick and tight
become after my time at bayern as
My contract expired and were clear
I would change I wanted to
away from the street Säbener
and then he says to her again
training will take off in garching
Since then, the so thick that we all
do together
with my most important contact person and
friend i think this is the game yes
has become very complex and me too
someone as close as possible to the
perfection we want to fall ourselves
often things up and just in daniel
yes, how to get there or what
you can improve where can you still
to change small things
be it when extending is in front
bring shoulder further front back
the beautiful thing is after that
then whistle if you have won his
colleagues then quasi names to take and
to be happy together about a cool one
successful game and I believe that
the whole thing that you too for
his teammates are his best and
to help then and that as
everything just then what's good is open
So is towards the bund in summer
say so it's important to bring that
you like to go that he always has fun
stingy and never stops
improve or improve